# ABP Commercial Version 8.2 Migration Guide

This document is a guide for upgrading ABP Commercial v8.x solutions to ABP Commercial v8.2. Please read them all carefully since v8.2 has some changes that you should take care of.

> See the [ABP Framework migration guide](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/8.2/Migration-Guides/Abp-8_2) for the changes made in the ABP Framework.

## Removed Flag Icon from Language Management Module

The `FlagIcon` property has been removed from the `ILanguageInfo` interface and the related property has also been removed from the Language Management Module. Therefore, you may need to create a new migration and apply it to your database.

Besides that, the following changes have done in the Language Management Module:

* `GetFlagListAsync()` method has been removed from the `ILanguageAppService`.
* **LanguageManagementFlagCodeConsts.cs** has been deleted.
* **FlagIconColumnComponent.razor** has been removed for Blazor UI.

## Session Management Infrastructure

The **Session Management** feature allows you to prevent concurrent login and manage user sessions.

In this version, a new entity called `IdentitySession` has been added to the framework and you should create a new migration and apply it to your database.

## Blazor Full-Stack Web UI

In this version, ABP Framework provides a new UI option called **Blazor Full-Stack WebApp**. We have already created an introduction/migration guide for you to check it: [Migrating to Blazor Web App](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/8.2/Migration-Guides/Abp-8-2-Blazor-Web-App)

> Please read the documentation carefully if you are considering migrating your existing **Blazor** project to **Blazor WebApp**.

## CMS Kit - Newsletter Improvements

`INewsletterRecordRepository.GetListAsync()` and `INewsletterRecordRepository.GetCountByFilterAsync()` method signatures have been changed as follows:

```diff
public interface INewsletterRecordRepository : IBasicRepository<NewsletterRecord, Guid>
{
    Task<List<NewsletterSummaryQueryResultItem>> GetListAsync(
        string preference = null,
        string source = null,
+       string emailAddress = null,
        int skipCount = 0,
        int maxResultCount = int.MaxValue,
        CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);

    Task<int> GetCountByFilterAsync(
        [CanBeNull] string preference = null,
        [CanBeNull] string source = null,
+       [CanBeNull] string emailAddress = null,
        CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
}
```